⚗ performance impact summary tool (#755)
DataDog/browser-sdk: performances/README.md

# Browser SDK performances impact estimation tool

> This tool will run various scenarios in a browser and profile the impact of the Browser SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool runs various scenarios in a browser and profile the impact of the Browser SDK.
```

Author: Thank you!
